[Music]
twelve unusual cooking tricks to impress
your friends do you like to cook whether
you're a pro or an amateur in the
kitchen
try these fun and unusual cooking tips
next time you make dinner some might
surprise you and leave you wondering why
didn't I think of that keep watching to
learn new and intriguing ways to make
your kitchen more efficient find new
flavors in common ingredients and show
off your culinary skills and don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life number 12
instant leak or a head of lettuce if you
need to chop up a heap of iceberg
lettuce don't worry about cutting around
the tough core in the middle just take
the lettuce head in both hands and slam
the bottom against the cutting board or
other hard surface you should be able to
pull the core right out of the bottom
now you can slice up the whole head
hassle-free
number eleven make sure your bacon is
crispy it's usually best to warm up the
pan before doing any frying not so with
bacon if you place your strips on a hot
pan the meat will cook before the fat
has a chance to render out leaving your
bacon fatty and rubbery if you want
deliciously crispy bacon lay the strips
on a cold pan and go for a medium low
heat as the pan warms up the fat will
slowly cook out of the meat leaving your
strips mouth-wateringly crispy number 10
keep taco shells from breaking eating a
taco and a hard tortilla can be a messy
experience that first bite can cause the
whole shell to break apart in your hands
with all your fillings falling out this
can happen even if you bake the shells
according to the instructions on the
package to prevent a taco catastrophe
try cooking the taco shells in a new way
first lay a moist paper towel on a
microwave-safe plate
place a single layer of taco shells on
the damp towel and cook the shells in
the microwave on HIGH heat the steam
from the wet towel will make the shells
more pliable and less likely to break
after being filled with meat and beans
enjoy number nine
peel potatoes with your bare hands save
yourself some time and get rid of the
potato peeler this tip makes peeling any
number of potatoes much faster and
easier simply fill a pot with boiling
water and boil your potatoes with the
skin on until they are thoroughly cooked
inside prepare an ice bath and dunk the
potatoes in the icy water for five to
ten seconds take one potato in your
hands making sure it's cool enough to
touch and twist the skin will come right
off
number eight get new flavor from common
pasta try roasting dry pasta to change
and enhance its flavor put the pasta in
the oven for 10 to 15 minutes at 350
degrees Fahrenheit it will turn a golden
brown color after cooling boil until al
dente it will probably take longer to
cook than usual about 15 minutes but it
will result in a nutty toasted flavor
that goes well with simple understated
sauces number seven pasta cooked fast
and in an eco-friendly way if you need
to get some spaghetti on the table as
soon as possible
forget about boiling it in a big pot of
water heating so much water is a waste
of water energy and time instead put
your pasta in a large frying pan cover
it with cold water and bring the water
to a boil the pasta won't stick in the
cold water and once it's fully cooked it
will leave behind a thick liquid that's
useful for making sauce
number six roasted veggies extra crispy
roasting vegetables is a great and
healthy way to enhance their flavor and
it's easy to make them even tastier by
adding a crispy crunch after seasoning
the veggies with salt oil and spices
toss them in a bit of cornstarch about a
tablespoon per pound of vegetables and
then pop them into the oven to roast
when they're ready they'll be even more
crispy and delicious than usual you can
also brown the starch coated veggies in
an oiled skillet to further heighten
that crispy flavor number five peel a
bunch of eggs at once there's nothing
more tedious than peeling the shells
from hard-boiled eggs avoid the hassle
with this trick place the hard-boiled
eggs in a shallow sealable container and
fill the container halfway with cold
water put the lid on and shake it over
the sink just in case there are any
leaks this vigorous motion will break
and loosen the shells allowing them to
slide right off number four use alcohol
for a flaky pie crust
according to Cook's Illustrated the best
way to ensure a perfect pie crust is to
use equal parts water and 80 proof vodka
when forming the dough the alcohol in
the vodka prevents the dough from
becoming too tough when bait since the
alcohol evaporates quickly in the oven
it leaves the baked crust dry and flaky
while forming the dough however the
vodka is just as effective as water at
keeping the dough wet and elastic can
other 80 proof liquor x' be used instead
of vodka
according to cooks yes taste testers
approved of crusts made with rum whiskey
and gin and most could not distinguish
the difference between boozes number
three no mess pancakes making pancakes
can be a sloppy drippy process good luck
getting the batter from the mixing bowl
to your pan without leaving splotches of
goo all over your stovetop next time
save yourself some cleanup and use a
squeezable condiments or mustard bottle
make sure you thoroughly clean the
bottle before pouring in your pancake
batter now you can squeeze the batter
onto your pan and perfectly shaped perf
clean pancakes number to replace egg
whites with aquafaba if you are going
vegan or have a dietary restriction
involving eggs
try using aquafaba to recreate common
recipes that require egg whites
what is aquafaba it's the liquid in
which chickpeas and other legumes have
been cooked while draining the liquids
from chickpeas you may have noticed that
it's quite frothy giving it a very
similar consistency to whipped eggs this
liquid can be whipped into stiff peaks
to make meringues and macarons and it
can be used for a variety of other
recipes including vegan cookies and
mayonnaise number one the key to juicy
burgers there is nothing like a juicy
tender burger but it can be tricky to
keep a thicker patties natural juices
from drying out while cooking the next
time you fire up the grill try this bit
of advice from celebrity chef Graham
Elliot stick an ice cube in the middle
of the raw patty
according to chef Elliot when you grill
it it keeps it moist and keeps it from
getting dried out so tell us bright
ciders what are your favorite cooking
techniques let us know in the comments
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side
you